## 891

list 11

1. flock -- flocks of sheep -- a flock of
2. instinct -- have an instinct for (doing) sth -- my first instinct was to -- by instinct
3. counterpart --a counterpart to /of sb
4. embody --be embodied in
5. distract --distract sb from (doing) sth
6. anticipate
7. predecessor
8. transient --a transient  moment of happiness -- some transients
9. spy --spy on/into sth -- spy sb/sth doing
10. secretary
11. lame
12. obsolete
13. ballot --the first ballot -- take a ballot-- by secret ballot
14. appropriate --appropriate for/to stb -- be appropriate for sb to do sth
15. sympathetic
16. deliberate --deliberate on/about/over sth --deliberate what to do
17. striking
18. sensitive --be sensitive to criticism
19. malignant -- a malignant nature -- malignant cells
20. underlie --the issue which underlies the conflict
21. ebb --the ebb and flow of the tide--spirits are at a low ebb--ebb and flow
22. conversely
23. dividend --pay dividends(2 meanings) 
24. conscientious --a conscientious clerk
25. prevail --prevail over/against sth -- prevail upon sb to do
26. turnover --a turnover of
27. intermittent -- intermittent rain
28. celebrity
29. prosecute --prosecute sb for (doing) sth --be prosecuted for speeding

****

1. euthanasia --oppose euthanasia
2. social turmoil
3. gazelle
4. floodplain
5. stock plunge
6. explosive
7. anthropologist
8. debt crisis
9. alleviate ache
10. marketing strategy
11. denounce
12. mortgage
13. gape
14. temperance  preach temperance
15. restore the order
16. endorse --endorse a candidate
17. disarm
18. culminate --culminate in failure
19. charter --project charter
20. ethnic
21. reserve --speak with reserve --reserve rooms