## 891

list 9

1. drain --my plan has gone down the drain--drain all the water  from the pool-- ~ sb
2. magistrate
3. impose --impose sth on sb -- impose a sentence of -- impose a tax
4. distress --be in distress --cause distress to sb -- to sb's distress --live in distress
5. transplant -- undertake a heart transplant
6. proportion --a adj. proportion of -- the proportion of men to women
7. transaction --a legal transaction -- a cash/credit card transaction
8. orient --the house is oriented east -- magazine oriented to the business
9. solitary --with the solitary exception of ... 
10. notable
11. dubious
12. resemblance --bear some/no resemblance to sb -- a resemblance between A and B
13. paralyze
14. estate --divide an estate -- leave an estate -- liquidate an estate
15. interim -- the interim period -- an interim loan -- interim dividend
16. incorporate 
17. plausible
18. enlighten -- enlighten sb on/about / (as to )  sth
19. successor
20. futile --it's futile to call out
21. retention --the retention of the skilled staff -- power of retention
22. council
23. subtract
24. reckon --be reckoned (to be) sth/adj  -- be reckoned to do -- be reckoned at (number)
25. presume --presume stb to be-- presume that --presume to do -- I am not presuming  
26. incidence
27. notion --have the notion that -- dispel a notion -- preconceived notions
28. latitude
29. coincide --our visits will coincide
30. evaporate
31. strenuous --avoid doing anything strenuous
32. odds --odds are 8 to 1 on/against sth -- short/long odds
33. conceive --conceive a hatred for stb --be conceived -- conceive of doing 
34. harassment --a victim of harassment
35. figure -- put a figure on -- in round figures --sell for a high figure

